hey guys get it hives here today I'm
gonna show you our ps3 fax error code
800 105 1 4 basically this is gonna stop
me from watching anybody's DVDs CDs and
read games and less effective how to do
so you can it does you're gonna task
your PSD fast basically I just had this
problem with a few minutes ago and I
managed to flex it and less will not
raise all the estar know if we're gonna
do is you're gonna put your ps3 and tip
cannot be more than restore mode so
gonna go 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13
14 15 16 17 18 now you like to read but
now you're gonna hold again till here 1
deep then tobey's and 1 Sheila and give
a second two beeps you're gonna
immediately like also one beep - beep
lock up now this what we're gonna need
for this process as a USB cable and if
you had sued more you're gonna plug down
your USB you're gonna get us up here I
can connect control we're gonna does
restore file system now I don't know if
it's gonna let me do that so Knox I've
just done it like a few seconds go baby
when I click yes I've made not work as I
said cuz I've just done it right at
least though which would bear if it does
it's gonna come up no signal if you do
have an HDMI cable plug done he'll come
up something to do HDMI can we just
press yes cuz you've got one
so fail system footage has cropped it
and won't be restored so press X 4 okay
so it's gonna do the men you have
censored some bleep owes us know until
guests about 100 and I'll see you guys
back it's better 90% no guys and we
should almost have a couple of minutes
put you dead and basically that's why to
you guys because it's what for me if it
doesn't and it should be another couple
of videos on YouTube showing you how you
do it but usually a fuel to phone up MPs
and off PSV sorry or Sony rather and
talking about our hundred which is
nearly $200 so basically just do this
and it should fix it but like said if it
doesn't I'm sorry and I couldn't help
you but it's just about to see my first
one is worked so we're just gonna wait
thats what's up and say anything I love
saying done and we're just gonna check
if Modern Warfare to be read so and move
natural eye fashion is what or not
hopefully a hazard light back on time to
do some more day but I just see aunty
ago a game has been red and kicking up
so thanks for watching please rate
comment subscribe